well I thought at school today what is
it I have no idea
gets a camp on girl shove it up their
buttholes to stop babies from coming out
and eighth-grader told me that I'm
having a party tomorrow.you and ya can
throw a lucky stone just so random
they're my best friends we did
everything together
doesn't meet girls at the party you know
that means drama no kissing you do not
want to go to Sora's party not knowing
you have a kiss brick it's fine on my
neighbor she's a total nymphomaniac
she starts fires no she's a nymphomaniac
someone who has sex on land and sea this
is what happens when you don't respect
women
I respect women my mom is my best friend
over me but that's gonna kill me chill
this is how we get the girl back you're
sure there's mama
you took my bag oh my god there's Molly
in there okay who's Molly because she's
not with us Jesus
here's the plan I'm gonna go to the
party with the beer everyone knows that
I'm cool what do you have your pants
been like this ever since I was a baby
it's kind of embarrassing I'm guessing
you're not the popular kids in school
[Music]
I'm fine oh hell no you don't get to
that party all da party you guys are
like seven cheating us like kids between
Oh gummy vitamins know how things work
my pairs closet and indoor swing
what are you doing that's wing is for
sexing people do sex on
[Music]
you